this numbers we have tremendous tones
and I think next year you're going to
really have tremendous numbers mr.
president let me ask you about general
Flynn yeah are you going to pardon him
this is what you tweeted back in
December 2017 I have a fire general
Flynn because he lied to the vice
president in the FBI you still believe
that he lied to the vice president the
FBI yeah well I'll tell you when I
looked at what they did to him they
tormented him dirty cups tormented
general Flynn general Flynn is a fine
man 35 years or so and the military you
don't get to be where he is by being bad
that I can tell you and then he right at
the beginning of the administration the
dirty cops came in and you see the notes
Jim I mean whether you're on our side
that side whatever I mean I assume let's
all talk about fairness what they did to
general Flynn and by the way to Roger
stone and to others was a disaster and
disgrace and it should never be allowed
to happen in this country again
and what I really hoped because see it
in tormented him in all fairness I
really hope to see because they haven't
been doing it and I appreciate your
question I hope to see that CNN will not
even apologize which they should but
just cover it fairly because he's in the
process of being exonerated if you look
at those notes from yesterday that was
total exoneration these were dirty
filthy cups at the top of the FBI and
you know the names better than I do and
they would dishonest people now we have
to see what's going to happen but
general Flynn was treated like nobody
should and I'm not talking about
generals I'm saying like nobody in this
country should be treated
right at the beginning they did it right
Jim they did it right well look at what
they did to the guy I mean he couldn't
have known too much what was happening
they came at him with 15 buses and he's
standing in the middle of a highway what
they did to this man they tormented him
they destroyed him but he's going to
come back like I say he's going to come
back bigger and better but what they did
to him and I hear there's a lot of other
stuff coming out if I believe everything
I'm reading because I like to stay out
of it I don't have to stay out of it at
all
but I like to stay out of it and Jim
what they did to him is terrible and I
hope that CNN's going to give him a fair
shake and cover it because I think it's
very important yes was it a mistake to
fire again well I wish I had was all the
information where they were out to get
him they wanted him they were trying to
force him to lie you see the written
statements where they were trying to
force him into a position where we can
get him on a lie or can we get them this
way or that way this is terrible this is
like what happened in and I'm not going
to name the countries because we deal
with these countries okay but what would
happen in other countries not the USA
what they did to General Flint and
others and others is a disgrace be and I
hope really I hope your networks are
gonna cover it because you know I've
seen where it's the biggest story in the
world a year ago in a year and have a
Flynn Flynn Flynn and then he's
essentially exonerated and now that's
not official yet but when you read the
notes how could you do anything else
then I hear this I hear there's much I
hear Jim I hear this much more coming up
I think it would be so good for CNN if
you covered it honestly and if you
reported honestly that would be so good
for the network okay with that thank you
all very much
thank you very much thank you Joe